This is a head gum original.
Thank you to diet smoke for sponsoring this episode of our show guys we've all been there.
You know you take a cannabis edible and you get way too high.
Well that's where diet smoke comes in, alright?
It can be difficult to control your dose just right and there's nothing worse than being
baked out of your mind when you didn't plan on it.
But that's why when I need the perfect medium high, I hit up my friends at diet smoke for
their delicious Delta 8 THC gummies.
Diet smoke isn't light, it's just right.
So what exactly is Delta 8?
Well Delta 8 is simply a less potent THC.
The THC that you're probably most familiar with is Delta 9 and while both are natural
to the cannabis plant, Diet smoke actually extracts their Delta 8 from hemp.
Some may call this a loophole.
I call it the secret recipe to getting a smooth, stable and most importantly, legal high.
Diet smoke is legal in most states and it's non-prescription, just check Diet smoke's website
to see if they ship their delicious gummies to your state.
Now you're probably asking yourself does Diet smoke really get you high?
Of course.
The high you get with Diet smoke is best described as somewhere between the chillness
of CBD and that classic stone feeling you get with regular weed.
Plus Diet smoke comes in two delicious flavors, blue raspberry and watermelon.
I've always loved blue raspberry flavored things, but I mean, America is a fiend for
Diet smoke's watermelon gummies, I say, maybe try them both.
But when to CBD isn't enough and traditional THC is too much, enjoy the smooth buzz
of Diet smoke.
Each gummy is infused with 10 milligrams of Delta 8 THC derived from American grown
hemp.
Delta 8 gummies are low in sugar, fat free and delicious and did I mention their
legal?
So go to diet smoke.com and use promo code, what's that?
To get 20% off your order as a special offer as well, Diet smoke coupon code can be used
on every order.
So again, that's Diet smoke.com promo code, what's that?
For 20% off, Diet smoke Delta 8 THC gummies are not for use or sale to people under the
age of 21.
Please use responsibly.
Thanks, Diet smoke.
Sorry, I have to, I have to check one thing.
And you never know if it's really part of the show or not.
And that's never, yeah.
Or you can, you know, Jeffrey pretty well, what do you think?
This is a bit.
This is free plan, or this is a genuine confine.
I think this is a genuine confusion.
I thought so too, but now that he's back with a chain.
Same glass.
Oh my god.
Mars?
No.
No, this is Hilary Duff for Glass as USA.
Beautiful.
Thank you.
Don't be mad about that.
That was not how I wanted to start the show.
So sorry.
Are you doing?
Come on a chain, also.
There was nothing.
She was on one second.
I forgot my jewelry for this podcast.
I don't want to be.
I need to put an aura ring on.
Oh, that's a track me.
I'm your one second, actually.
Please, everybody.
Welcome to the show.
Kayla Moriarty.
One of Edgham's newest tires.
Man.
Hi.
I've got both of us on it.
I'm sorry to do this, but we're going to have to do Kayla's
right off the top.
Two minutes on the clock.
Nobody else can speak.
Kayla, why don't you tell us what you want us to know about you.
Oh, my god.
Okay.
I'm Kayla.
I am a female living in Brooklyn.
I am from the great state of Rhode Island, which is where Nary Ganset
Beer is from.
So we can talk about that later.
Not New York, Jeff.
Not New York.
Thank you.
As an beer center, you should know that.
Yeah.
I really like Nary Ganset Beer and all beers and alcohol general.
I also have a dog named Ferris.
He is sequestered in a room back there.
He's very cute.
What else?
I like to read tarot cards.
I like spooky things.
I also am still this is so long.
Okay.
I'm getting pretty good at crossword puzzles.
I am now on the Wednesday, New York Times booklet of 50.
I'm determined to get to Sunday by the end of the year.
Um, and we're now on the Libra.
Um, fuck.
This is very long.
Let's see.
Wait, when is when is your birthday?
October 10th.
When's your birthday?
October 22nd.
Wow.
Are the Libra, the Libra crew is going back out again.
Like Kayla's brothers.
I.
I was so sorry.
I was told everyone would be quiet.
I don't know.
Thank you.
I really like New Works, which we just discussed off camera.
But Rick and I both had the same print, which is knives.
And Rick and I both used to tap dance.
So I think at the company off site, we should wear our knives outfit and perform a tap dance.
So we should start rehearsals soon.
That works.
Thank you so much.
Okay.
Uh.
Great.
Um, my social security number.
No.
Oh.
I wish it.
I'm really happy to be here.
And I'm going to sit for five seconds and reflect on how wonderful this is.
Namaste.
Thank you so much.
Just be careful.
Thank you.
Yeah, I didn't make a noise Jeff.
See you now to put your phone up to you.
Wow.
Yeah.
No back at it again on a Friday.
Casual or otherwise.
Kayla's already bringing the heat.
And you're also the first of the new hires.
You're the new class to kind of enter what has become known as the Thunderdome.
And where is that sound effect?
Ferris.
You're searching.
The sucks.
I'll just do this and lose the ad revenue.
This girl.
Oh my god.
Major Kieler.
When you start a new job dive into the company culture,
that's what Mori Arties doing here in her otherwise.
And I have to call out Casey's ass.
Why?
Forget it.
I knew you guys wouldn't understand.
Let's move on to.
Got this sucks.
Bond of the week.
Every week until next James Bond is cast.
We're going to be giving our picks.
Kayla for the new James.
And this is my pick is Tim Cook.
Just because I feel like he's not doing much at all.
So he has the time.
You've picked one of the busiest men in America because he has the time.
Tim Cook also wear a turtleneck like an honor.
Steve Jobs.
It's a good question.
I feel like that's fitting of James Bond, right?
Yeah.
I guess so.
I don't know if he does.
Yeah.
Is Dan Stevens.
Really?
He doesn't know.
He doesn't know who that is.
I do not know who that is.
He's Dan Stevens.
He sounds like my friend.
He's Dan.
Back there.
He was in.
Down to an Abby.
He was in that Eurovision movie.
On Netflix.
Of course.
Great.
Great range.
Great guy.
Wow.
Thank you.
Good.
Up.
Leadership.
Out.
Do people give?
Up.
I think he's a he's a small forward. Oh, I thought you said a role player. Oh, yeah, he's a role that's like he's not like a star
But like you know, he's like the 7th through 10th man on a pretty good basketball team
So it's like a god sure. Yeah, he's a role player on
I think he's still in the nuggets. Launch show her non-gomers. You're talking about like our pages. Yeah
No got no, but he has a brother named Willie her non-gomers also in the NBA. So what is that Jeff?
Nice
Wow
Didn't you post on Twitter?
Yeah, he's been sort of melting that one
I was like watching us on the jazz now. So he's got plenty of free time
Utah
It's great. Well, he's still like 82 games right traveling with a playoff team. So not really has tons of time
More time than Tim hook cook
So that's how you want to play it today, huh?
You want to come for the fucking dirty play and for free already
Not really this sure you have to up
Yeah, that's not I'm here for it
No, he's who we took
No, really
Kay, like what is what has your experience been ahead gum so far? You've been here before we didn't ask for her bond to the week
Yeah, do I do I do I do you bond to the week sure okay sticking with athletes this is the
most relevant athlete that I know about cream and dual jubar. I just think
It's got comedic chops which you know could bring a safe good on that's true
Great on your plane airplane airplane great on new girl
Yeah, what about cream of dual juband
Caramel dual Jamie's gone
That's really good. That's the shit that the show is for Marika
We're finding gold. We're my great content
The crazy thing about Karim is that he's also one of the best basketball players ever he's not just like a random basketball player
Is you really about it now you're pushing it wow now you're pushing what we can keep talking about a cream
It build your bond like we should that was an edit point possibly the best basketball player every year
If you combine like high school college and NBA nobody scored more points than crumim dual jubar in basketball history
You know his high school scoring record must have been like a hundred and thirty or something and same like that
sucks
Great this sucks. Are you allowed to sweep it at this show?
We really should and there's lots of times that call for it and Jeff does not take the bait
Wow
For all intents and purposes as we bet it of sorts
full steam ahead
Kayla you you've been at hegan for four weeks
Yes, what let's go rose bud thorn and start with thorn and it you're throwing can't just be Marty
That's mean
You should have that as a sound bite
That's me
And play it after literally everything you say
Okay thorn
It's it's hard-searning a job remote. I will say
So I'm excited to meet everyone in person so that will thorn will disappear
But is everyone who works here is just lovely and very funny and I love our slack threads
I'm I think the word all one is getting a little out of control with now three different games
Yeah
What is it a word all quarter which is four? Worldals at once and then the pod and then no world
World I've never felt so insecure about my lack of like special reasoning and knowledge because I can't I've never won a world all
Except for the New Zealand one. Yeah, the New Zealand I was shocked that Jake did not get the New Zealand one in one
That's dumb. He loves New Zealand. He loves New Zealand. I love to say what today's was because I walked away without
Yeah, yeah, yeah, you say what it was it?
Oh, a dollar a word all world world. Oh, yeah, I didn't do though. I didn't have I haven't done today's world
Old but feel free to that spoil it because I don't know if I'll get around to doing the world
Did you get did you do the blurdle? I didn't do the blurdle. I think I started the portal
But I haven't really done that
I've sort of been focusing on the daily doordle
Which is the dual doordle. Yeah, yeah, today's was serenum
Do you guys do the Lordle no the which ones that yes? Is that like your prey.com?
Yeah, yeah, so well the it's I it's actually mostly musicians so the Lordle yesterday was low
L.O. R. D.E. and then today I think was here on
Interesting
What about sordle which is the daily sword of the day that you have to guess
S
To be pet it audio sweet pet it. That's enough. That's enough. That one was yeah fine. Let's um and then
What do you do you do wrote you did button? I haven't done rosette
I'm gonna say Marika's the rose
Feel like she doesn't get enough credit. She's the world Wow the glue that holds had come together
More than a role player a great
She's the cream of dual jabar of the head gun. She sure is she should be the next bond
Can you imagine wow she's so young to be bomb
Well, I mean I'm here for it. Yeah, if they offered you bond Marika would you take it or you'd be like this is embarrassing
I feel like I have to right you have to say yes, and then I'd have to do a lot of like just
full training of every possible thing from what that's the thing that you don't react
But they will start tomorrow for sure not only just physical training of like let's work with a physical trainer for like a year
But also they could you know teach you fucking
Strasburg let's go and stress
What's that it's an acting technique and I'm not probably didn't know that because all you've done
is lonely and horror
Three-file. It's for a reason you were so ready to know when to change gears
Creatured or other lot
Amir
And Caleb so sorry about this because this is actually is if this wasn't a podcast this would be an HR violation
Amir how's that? That's a cock yeah, you're not as fast as that
HR podcast
Interpersing a week in a row. I was just wondering what changed from last week to this week in terms of your romantic life
It's a better way to train the audio the train one and it we will be moving on we will be power
It will be full steam
Um, this is something real that I do want to talk about. I don't know if any of you guys watch hockey
No, I
Like the mighty ducks
Let's get the movie or the
There's a team got it
I really want to get into hockey and I don't know why she's for a high
Yeah, burns
It's just up from New England my dad said if I said anything else that is fair
Wait, why do you want to get into hockey? I think it's a fun sport all I ever hear about is how fun hockey games are to go to
But Cleveland doesn't have a team where I'm from and then I've heard that the LA kings are an annoying fan base and an annoying team
franchise, et cetera, so I don't really want to over the kings so my shortlist is
Detroit wet red wings
Toronto Maple Leafs
Montreal canadians and
The New York Rangers
I say choose a
Red Ray Nadian team, so you have an excuse to like travel to see a game
I say red wings because Detroit's an awesome little city of weirdos and it would be a lot of fun to go to one of those games
I think I agree because like I also
First of all
Pit Pittsburgh has a team Columbus has a team and Detroit has a team
Detroit and Columbus all of the all those cities are basically equidistant from Cleveland give or take like an hour
Um, I hate Columbus, so can't do that. Uh, Pittsburgh
I just can't get past the Steelers of it all
Detroit and Cleveland kind of have this weird brother relationship
That I appreciate and I might have to go red wings for that specific reason
That being said like you're not looking at anything
You're going so
Yeah, no, I'm trying to find the photo that I have because like I got a red wings jacket because it looked cool
Can you name 10 hockey players at all time Sydney Crosby Wayne Grunsky to Jeremy Dowdy
Johnny Maywink
Oh vengekin
It's a vengekin either
Gordon Bombay Gordon Bombay
Jeff Gorton
Let's go
You know who there is
Randall light foot
He played for the oilers. I believe
Oilers would be a cool one for you to roof for by the way. Choose a Jordan oil. Do you know Jordan oil?
Is that a gasoline company?
Oh, you know what that one is at gas company. You shouldn't you shouldn't get in talkie. I think actually
You clearly have no clue. No, I don't know any of it. I don't know you don't okay. What about uh, there is Fareem
DuPont I think now you're just thinking of a reason and then you had it to ponder the
What do you know what icing is in hockey icing? Not in hockey, but I know that if you like make someone drink like an adiice or whatever
That's a smear-off. I should say that's icing for sure. Or it's like the icing on the cake
Ha ha ha ha ha ha- ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
I don't care about hockey. I care about the fucking like I just want to check it.
Yeah, I want to check it. So what are your interests? Just jackets?
Recently, it's been jackets.
Okay, jackets, watches, watches. Always with the watches.
It's really so fucking annoying. Are you wearing a watch now?
He's not. Oh, there it is.
It's not.
It's very directed.
Where is feels like you're missing something?
No, it's hard to say.
You just have to say.
We said watches, and that's where the visit tire personality.
So I think we named all of his hobbies.
I like music. Yeah.
And even that really.
So you like watches and not really music. Those are your two hobbies.
And jackets.
Yeah, I love a jacket, but not even really.
Yes, we had a dead or head trivia around last week.
Oh, wow. That's a nice jacket.
That's why I got it. And now I feel like I have to be a red-winged fan just to justify it.
He kind of looked like Johnny.
Like, I feel like that's a Johnny vibe. Maybe I'm wrong.
Guys, winter is supposed to be hibernation time. And I won't deny.
I'm staying in more than usual, but that doesn't mean I'm not busy or that I want to spend
all my time in the kitchen.
Luckily, I don't have to meal plan or prep.
And I can still eat well now that I leave my meals to factor.
Factor makes it easy for me to eat clean 247 with fresh, never frozen prepared meals that are so delicious
that you wouldn't believe they're actually good for you.
Factor saves me time by delivering chef-crafted meals to my doorstep,
eliminating the hassle of grocery shopping and meal prep.
Not to mention clean up. That's my least favorite chore in the world is doing dishes.
I don't have a dishwasher here in Brooklyn. And Factor kind of solves that issue for me.
Each factor meal arrives pre-prepared and ready to eat in two minutes. That's even faster than ordering in.
And Factor tackles the tough stuff so that I don't have to.
They're registered, dietitians, and expert chefs work hand in hand to create meals with
nutritional ingredients. And with more than 29 meal options every week, I haven't been bored thus far.
Factor even knows my preferences because they offer vegan and veggie meals,
keto meals, low calorie options, cold press juices, smoothies, energy bites, plant-based bars,
extra protein, veggie sides, and more to keep me fueled and focused all day long.
I'd go with the extra protein option as well as smoothies and they're so good.
So head to go.factor75.com slash what's that 120?
And use code what's that 120 to get $120 off? That's code what's that 120 at go.factor75.com slash
what's that 120 for $120 off? Thanks, Factor. Thank you to athletic greens for sponsoring this
episode of our show. I have started using athletic greens every day and it has changed my life in a major
way. I wake up with more energy. It's become part of my routine. It's morning coffee,
and athletic greens, and it really starts my day right. Taste great. And I don't have to worry
about swallowing a bunch of pills anymore. It's really changed my life. So what is athletic
greens? Well with one delicious scoop, you're absorbing 75 high-quality vitamins, minerals,
whole-food source superfoods, probiotics, and adaptogens to help start your day right.
This special blend of ingredients supports your gut health, your nervous system, your immune system,
your energy, recovery, focus, and aging. All the things. I personally consume it in a cup of water.
It just becomes like this nice green drink that I can have in the morning right before my coffee,
and I just, you know, I really have a spring in my step afterwards. I would say the taste is surprisingly
sweet. It doesn't have any artificial anything, but it does still kind of have this like bubble gum
flavor almost that I personally enjoy. It's definitely not bad. You know, if you don't like
bubble gum, you might not love it, but I like it nonetheless. It's lifestyle friendly,
meaning whether you eat keto, paleo, vegan, dairy, for your gluten-free, it's all good for you.
It contains less than 1 gram of sugar, no GMOs, no nasty chemicals, or artificial anything,
while still tasting good. It supports better sleep quality and recovery, mental clarity, and alertness,
and it's one thing with the best things that you can do for yourself every day, and it costs less
than $3 a day. Right now, it's time to reclaim your health and our immune system with
convenient daily nutrition, especially heading into flu in cold season. It's just one scoop in a
cup of water every day. That's it. No need for a million different supplements and pills to look
out for your health. To make it easy, athletic greens is also going to give you a free one-year supply
of immune supporting vitamin D and five free travel packs with your first purchase. All you have to
do is visit athleticgreens.com slash what's that? Again, that's athleticgreens.com slash what's that
to reclaim your health and take ownership over your day by picking up the ultimate daily nutritional
insurance. Thanks, athleticgreens. How am I hosting skills? Do you guys think they're getting better?
No. Look, it was not a good. I'll thank you. It was a drop. You spent the last three minutes looking
for a photo. Yeah. As soon as you showed it to us, we got to commercial. I was just being polite.
Really? Yeah. Yeah. I'm fine.
Um, so I wanted to see if we would get Kayla. I think so. I think so and fair.
What is this?
This. So bad. Thank you, ladies. Yes, I made it. I have a machine. No, you did. I have a
need to be really fine. Um, and that was mostly a loop that was like kind of a preset.
Uh-huh.
These dogs. Yeah.
Birds flying north. I don't like that.
Rearranging drawers. I don't like that.
Traveling to new shores. I don't like that. I hate new dawns. I hate new days. I hate my life
for me. And I'm fearing change. I'm fearing change.
I'm meeting new friends. You know that I fear seeing new trends. You know that I fear
trying on new sense. You know that I fear. I hate new homes. I hate new clothes. I hate new hair.
For me. And I'm fearing change.
That took me nine days. To what? Do what? To do what? You didn't hear this song?
All right. That's after you everything myself. Here we go. That's a better reaction.
Notes. Thoughts. Yeah. Twins. Anything. I've seen not the last one because it was flawless.
Yeah. The rhythm of the race. No. Um, I just want to offer that I actually have a degree in social
work. If you ever wanted to talk to somebody.
Mm. Okay. Yeah. Um, like very expressive. Thank you for sharing that. That took a lot of
bravery. So. Someone else has a soundboard and goes. That was easy.
I thought. Yeah. That was supposed to take up 10 minutes of the show. And it was supposed to be the
first three minutes is me singing. And then the last seven minutes of those 10 minutes was you
guys like giving me praise. I mean, we're still good to give you feedback. I just got distracted by
a mirror most doing a spit. I was so much bad man. I always wanted to say it was really bad.
You're singing was off. I like the song that it's based on. Great. And the words. No.
I thought the instrumental track was really good. If you did that on your, um, your soundboard thing.
Yeah. That was like a one part of it. I would have changed. The lighting was great.
But the way I even didn't change, it's just like one window. Yeah. But it's like very,
really an intro and like soft lighting. I mean, I appreciate it. But what about the like the singing?
Oh, I think I would have maybe fixed the choreography a bit. Maybe.
Less less of the claw hand. I feel like that's a crutch for you and you rely on that a lot. And I think
yeah, you could do some other things with your hands for sure. I'm caught.
This singing pitch was that pitch was good. The words were tight. The pitch wasn't
um, it wasn't tight or was not. It just wasn't um. It's yeah.
And the lyrics were sad, which is good, right? That of that of Oak to Nemotion. Yeah. But not sad,
like in the way you intended. Yeah. It wasn't supposed to be sad.
Yeah. Well, what was your intention as the artist? Can I speak? Like are we doing these
art school style? Well, if it were art school style, you probably wouldn't be able to speak,
but I'll at least. Well, I'm a little hurt. Obviously, like that took like a lot, not only to write it,
but also out of me just now. Nine days. Yeah. It wasn't night. It was like an out of heat. Yeah. That's
a lot of work. So why did you leave right beforehand? It like your video was off and then you
emerged, but you were exactly the same. I don't know. I mean, I, I feel like Sammy Davis Jr.
would have done something similar. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I would have courage you to write another song
based on what you're feeling right now for next two devastation. Yeah. I'd love to explore that
a bit. Okay. Also, the rhyme scheme was very good. But I didn't make the rhyme scheme. It's just
a parody. So like someone else did that. This was kind of frustrating about that. Someone else did
the lighting. I didn't make this building. Um, I didn't get you read, Jack. Right before
fearing change. Well, were those lines do you remember those lines? I think God, that wasn't just
the first question. Was that question? Was that sort of enough? What was that? What was the question?
Right before I'm fearing change, what were the lines? Because you sort of rhymed the same word
with itself over and over. But I forget exactly what it was. Yeah. Well, there's two versions. The
first one was um, sorry. I'm like with my voice is shaking for the audio listeners. I'm just
like on the projectors. Um, I hate new dawns. I dare you to make yourself cry right now.
I dare you to cry. I will say my I help prohibits it. Um, I hate new dawns. Yeah. I hate new days.
I hate my life. For me. What is that? You hate your life for you.
Is that like I love that for you? Yeah, but hate it for you. That's better than what my
intention was, which was just that I couldn't figure it out. Okay. And then keep going. And I'm
fearing change. Right. I'm fearing change. Get forward a little bit. Yeah. Then what? I hate
new homes. I hate new clothes. I hate new hair. That wasn't for me. Thank you.
And um, oh, you want the stances, like the verses. It's okay. I'm just saying it by the way.
Yeah, just read it. Just read it. Don't push it. Because saying things with pitch. I know.
And it makes it. You know, birds flying north. I don't like that.
Rearly. What is that? Why did you write that? What don't you like about birds flying north? That's
change. Okay. But you're okay with birds flying south just to clarify. I just know that was an option.
Yeah. Do you think they just go north over or not? Always around.
They're preventing the go vertically. Rear-ranging drawers. I don't like that.
Like Marie condoing. Like yeah. Okay. Traveling to new shores. I don't like that.
I hate new dawns. I hate new days. I hate my life for me. And I'm fearing change. I'm
fearing change. Meeting new friends. You know that I fear. Right. This is what I think this is what
we wanted to get into. Right. So you. My question was, is it meeting new friends that we know you
fear like you fear those friends or is it like you fear meeting new friends? It's the second one.
Because that's changed. Yeah. Okay. Seeing new trends. You know that I fear. Me too. Yeah.
And the lyrics are good then. I didn't say that next line. Trying on new sense.
You know that I fear. I liked the specificity of this one. Is that a new tattoo?
Bad you ask.
Yes. Yes. Butterfly. This sucks. The audio listener. This sucks.
I'm from the the pretty odd album cover. It is from the pretty odd album cover. What's pretty odd?
That little that little butterfly. So blurry. Yeah. I can see it. What is pretty odd? It's an album by panic at the
disco. Panic at the disco. Yeah. That album affected you so much that we got set to of it.
The first CD I ever bought was a few re-cants went out and then pretty odd was even better than that.
And then they broke up and now they're bad. So what sucks. I'm on Jeff's side to be honest.
Pretty odd. Pretty odd. Yeah. I know we do have to move on.
Thanks for the constructive feedback assholes.
Welcome to
Wheel of Amir's Fortune.
I know you're a nickel. I'm doing that. Let me introduce it first because we do have audio on the
listeners who are commuting. This is you know Wheel of Fortune. I familiar. Do you guys know
a Wheel of Miss Fortune? Sure. This is a Wheel. Do you guys know Amir?
Yeah. Yeah. This is Wheel of Amir's Fortune. I'm not giving up my dog. That's one of these things.
Is that Luke? Yeah. So yeah. These are just options. We'll spin the thing. I'm not going to say
all of my ones. But let's just let's start with America. Something basically we spin the wheel
and then something happens. Either people get cash or something has to happen to any of you guys.
So there's no like word, play, portion of it. It's truly just spinning wheel.
I don't watch Wheel of Fortune. Yeah. Yeah. Spin it.
All right. Let's see what it lands on here. I am hoping for cash but some of these other ones
can be interesting. All right. Break it gets a hundred dollars. Is it cool with you if we just do
it all at the one. So do you want like a one lump sum or do you want it to be all individual transactions?
One lump sum would be great. Got it. All right. So Amir, can you keep track of this? How much money
we can kill are going to get? Right now is at a hundred dollars.
From this is of Amir's money? That's actually not a bad idea. Oh, we'll finish that away.
Ah, Caleb, your turn to spin the wheel of Amir's fortune. Spin, spinner.
This is US dollars, right? Yeah, this is going to be US dollars. All right. Amir falls.
So Amir, are you a standing desk right now? Yes. Can you fall? I mean, I can. I'm not, I don't need to.
I'm not going to do it. No, let's let your legs give way. This is the easiest one for you to do.
Yeah. I just don't want to do it. Just fall. Because if I do that, that fall.
Oh, fall. No, you have to like collapse. If you like let your legs do it. No, because then like my, my head
set will like fucking yank my computer off the desk. Yes. Yes, more than just falling.
It's just falling. First of all, it's not more than just falling. Yeah, there you go.
All right. I need to do it. But let's just say that that's what it is. I missed it.
Now it's stuff like coming out of Amir's bank account. Here we go. Amir, your turn.
Fucking prick. What the hell? It doesn't matter. You're, you're the one spinning. So like,
you spin for me and it says Amir sleeps outside. If you spin for you, it's starting the wheel of a
mere fortune. Oh, I'm so fucking sorry. Yeah, I have to go with my dog to have for adoption.
Oh, possible. I was going to say. Can you bring out your shell and just for this?
No, she's, I want to bring videos. She's working. Yeah, she's not. There's no way it's happening.
I'd rather do all this other stuff. Adult brisk. I think you miss, you miss,
don't brisk by the way. It's just one S in brisk. Sleep outside. You can't breathe, right?
Amir. Amir is a jungle. Amir is no way. We'll make sure.
Amir, good. Spin it.
Okay. Well, you're really, you got it. Not only are you going to do one. Each other out. Amir gives up. No, it's not
your neck and your mouth. You, you have to give up Luke. And this is, this is kind of fucked up, actually.
You have to adopt him back and give him up again. No, no way. There's no way. It's not what I can't
give him up adopt him back and give him up again. Yes. Because an inordinate amount of work to
troll my pet. It's not to troll your pets to play a game for a content. And also playing the game.
Well, you know what's fucked up is that like when you get him back, he's going to be like,
holy shit, I must have just been at the groomer or something. Yeah. To give him up again,
is devastating to him. And he's also kind of in the twilight of his life. Yes.
He's over 10. My job was given up twice before we adopted him. True story.
That's really sweet. You gave him a third chance. Yeah. That's where he's on dog,
prosick as well. It's very sweet, too. Like me. You're all the one dog.
Yes. It's like four pills at a time.
You should have been your three nut butter. You should. I'm here. You should just like,
instead of giving up the dog, Luke, what if you gave up like another Luke, right? I'm interesting.
Like you could not watch Lucas Hedges movies. What would it be? I'd be every time, you know,
Luke's on screen and go more girls. You kind of look away. Yeah. I'll give up. Luke,
yeah. I'll give up. Clipper, small forward, Luke,
canard. So I'll trade him. All right. That's nice. That's nice. It's Kayla's turn.
Oh, please spin. Please. I was playing along for half a second. Cut me off. Holy shit.
Oh, that's awesome. Rika at $600. This is coming over here. That'll be great. So first time
coming out of here. All right. I'm here. You're out. Spin. We'll be taxed like a bone.
I think it's a right off because we're talking about business or some shit. Okay, great.
Come here. What? I don't what? You're doing it. You're doing it. You're doing it.
Buck are you doing it? You're clicking the button.
No way. Because it's kind of cold in the late night in February,
but I'm sorry. You're going to have to sleep outside tonight. I'll take a nap during the day.
On it. It sounds lovely. In the shade. No, in the sun. You're not playing the game.
You and the thing is, I know that you think that I'm being crazy right now, but to the audience's
ears and eyes, you look like a prick. Like you're not playing along with a game. You're a bad sportsman.
At least give me $600. So that's pretty good. Well, at this point, he's not even going to sleep outside
tonight. Who knows if you can get you the money? Here we go. Rika? Yeah, spin. Thank you.
Kailabore, are you already going on with $250? I'm already. This is amazing. I told you you're
going to make money today. All right. Back to Kayla. Very quick. Here we go. Give it a spin. Here we go.
Fingers crossed. It's, yeah. There we go. That's what it is. Nice. I'm here is paying the balance.
So it's going to be $250. $250.
So feel free to bet. You can go to my mom's ear and then I can do it out or
definitely not. All right. I mean, you have your turn. You have to take the finder's feet.
I will take 15% but that's on top. It's like real estate. I'm here come on.
Spin it.
I'm not pressing anything by the way. You're pressing it.
$1,000 to Rika. This is great. That's, I think, 1650. That's like probably what? Two months
rent. Sure. Let's do one more round. Just for the fun of it. And timing.
Oh, me. Yeah, Marika. All you. Or we can do this sometime just to get a mirror sourness out of the
way. Because things are like, let's just do it in time. This game is flawed because it should say like
spinner gets $50. Because right now it says who gets it on the wheel and that's not how
wheel of fortune works. Like it should belong to the spinner. Like Kayla's spinning and it says
Marie can get $1,000. So it doesn't matter who's spinning. You're asking me to spin. I'm not doing
anything. You're just pressing a button and then it lands on a mere eats a nickel. So like it shouldn't
have names on the wheel. It just gets $50. It's a eats a nickel. And then like people have, you know,
risk reward, whether they want to spin, which we're not actually doing or not. So the entire game is
flawed. I'm not giving you $1600 to Ben Momer, Rika plus 15%. And I'm not giving up my dog twice.
That's not happening. None of this stuff is happening. At worst, they'll take a nap outside. That's it.
All right. Is that a pass? Like, what do you want to pass on your turn? You're really going to do this?
Yeah, sure pass because it doesn't matter who's spinning. It could be me. It could be you. It's
always you just pressing a button. Kayla. Please, please spin.
I'm really fast. I'm going to answer it. If you participate, you shall be rewarded. That's another
250 to Kayla. That's going to be $500 on the fucking day. And it's coming from a mere spot. It's
that's amazing. Thank you so much. Marika, why don't you take us home? Yeah. All right. I think you're
across something bad happens to me or here we go. It's more good to me with all of you.
Good or any kind of Kayla? All right. I'm going to sleep outside again. So I'm here. We might need you
to do. Do not do like two nights. No way. Not happening. What if it's two naps outside the no sunscreen?
No sunscreen. I don't can. I bet. I really don't. Can I put a sheet or a t-shirt over my face?
I don't make the rules.
We've reached the end of the episode. I've never done this. But I'm going to give out
grades for the day. Okay. Kayla with your debut, you got an A. You got a 93 and a half. That's
an A minus. No, that's a that's a solid A. Oh, rounding up. No, 93 and up. A minus 90 to 92.
Right. Thank you. And when I got an A minus, I'm so sorry. Fine. You do it. No, but a very, a very fun
episode. And I'm very fun performance from Kayla. Marika. I'll give you a, I'll give you a B plus.
I'll give you an 89. I can't do that. So if you have any extra credit that I can do to get that up
to Ne plus that we create. Okay. Let's think about it extra credit in the last two and a half minutes of the show.
Can you, can you back me up that what Amir just did was poison? To the game. What I thought was a
pretty fun game. What, what thing that Amir did? Just like not taking it seriously, poking holes in like the
logic of the, the wheel. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, poison for sure. The wheel is flawed.
Correct. So that's an A plus 92. It's a mini-manus. It was no Kayla. So I'm here.
Yeah.
Not only do you get the class. You didn't even show up enough. I say did I was here all the time and last week.
That's true. And before the game, you were kind of complimentary of the back and track.
All right. You know what? And this is me being generous. Just so you know 78 C plus.
Wow. Oh, can you? And you a professor doesn't get a grade. Oh, there's there's
teacher evaluations at the end of all, of course. I get tenure. That's how that happens. You have to earn it.
Rateiprofessor.com. I read really preferred.
No, um, I think I did all right. You do? Well, then you should have no problem opening that was easy.
Flugs. What do you guys have going on? What do you want to point to people to, uh, let's start with Kayla?
Oh, social media projects, anything. I guess if you don't already follow head gum everywhere.
And follow gum ball, please actually on Twitter. Nice. And I don't know. Jeff, you got a link.
Nice. I do have a link to. Great. Oh, we follow gum ball.
Now gum ball FM. Great. Yeah. Yeah, gum ball FM. Follow, please.
Oh, yeah. So much. Marika. Brownlee. Yeah. Yeah. Um, you also follow both those things. Follow me,
Twitter, Instagram, and letter books at Marikaelon. Also, uh, the first episode of
confronting demons with Megan Stalter will be out. Uh, the week that this comes out. So listen to that.
Uh, and by first episode that also means of the relaunched season. So there's plenty of back
catalog episodes to listen to. So do that. Oh, yeah. Man plugged myself as well. I didn't know
the thing. I thought it was just work focused. No, anything personal would actually be better.
Kayla, a lot more already on all the things. Thank you. Oh, yeah.
Did everyone go ahead, Rick? Um, well, now I don't want to go because like that's a sort of
admitting that I am one. Go ahead and mirror. Oh, gosh, where do we start? There is a new
D&D podcast on head gum, which is up a lot of people's alley. I mean, you're talking about
every NAD pod fan, um, would probably really thoroughly enjoy the new sitcom D&D podcast,
which is like D&D meets cheers. It's a D&D podcast with a live studio audience. I mean, my god,
for hilarious Chicago improvisers, getting it done. We're so excited and so proud to, um,
have them on. So you can subscribe and listen to that where you listen to.
Hosted by one of the favorite rules. Right, Aaron. Um, but why you're punching your one
cell's all bruise. I'm going to send screenshots of it to Cohen and tell him that you beat me up.
That's, you're just copying fear. And I'm fearing fear.
That's really good. Um, at Jeffrey James on Instagram at Jeffrey already on Twitter at I am Jeffrey
James on TikTok. And I thought I'd end us with a review from Apple podcasts, which we haven't really
done on this show ever. Um, this one came in from JP 3435. About a month ago, he said,
lots of fashion discourse, not much else. Love the PT talk. Jeff is almost right about nearly
some things, but especially fashion. Keep it up. Five stars. So yeah, guys, we're going to make
it a weekly thing. I think just five star review on Apple podcasts, uh, something funny. It
could be five stars, but not funny. I won't read it. It could be two stars in hilarious and we might,
but ideally five stars and don't do two stars. Also, you can't write reviews on it, but you should
read us five stars on Spotify. Yeah. And it really helps us out. And until next week, that's
does folks. Nice. And then I'm here. We're going to need, like, proof that you saw that side.